FrontEnd/README.md, before:

# QuestMatch

![Build and Deploy Status](https://github.com/porfanid/QuestMatch/workflows/Build%20and%20Deploy%20React%20App/badge.svg)&nbsp;![Firebase Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/Firebase-Active-brightgreen.svg)

![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/porfanid/QuestMatch)  ![Node.js Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-18.16.0-brightgreen.svg)  ![npm Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/npm-9.6.6-red.svg)

## FrontEnd

### What it is

The front end is the website that the users will use to connect to this network. It has to be responsive, so be extremely careful about that.

### Features

1. Login Form
2. Password change/reset form
3. Forum Posts
4. personal chat
5. group creation and chat
.
.
.
(Whatever you desire to add to the features)

### How to contribute

You can contributee by developing the features I want the app to have, plus add any features you think you would like to see in an app like that. (Please do not use bad language).

### Programming Language

The programming language that will be used for the front end will be react js.
This is because the app needs to be real time and quite fast for people to be able to operate it as fast as possible

Commit message:

Updated the readmes to include  assigning issue to yourself

FrontEnd/README.md, after:

# QuestMatch

![Build and Deploy Status](https://github.com/porfanid/QuestMatch/workflows/Build%20and%20Deploy%20React%20App/badge.svg)&nbsp;![Firebase Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/Firebase-Active-brightgreen.svg)

![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/porfanid/QuestMatch)  ![Node.js Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-18.16.0-brightgreen.svg)  ![npm Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/npm-9.6.6-red.svg)

## FrontEnd

### What it is

The front end is the website that the users will use to connect to this network. It has to be responsive, so be extremely careful about that.

### Features

1. Login Form
2. Password change/reset form
3. Forum Posts
4. personal chat
5. group creation and chat
.
.
.
(Whatever you desire to add to the features)

### How to contribute

You can contributee by developing the features I want the app to have, plus add any features you think you would like to see in an app like that. (Please do not use bad language).

### Assign the issue to yourself
```
A very important action when deciding to implement a new feature is to assign the issue you want to work on to yourself so that the contributors do not contribute to the same feature
```

### Programming Language

The programming language that will be used for the front end will be react js.
This is because the app needs to be real time and quite fast for people to be able to operate it as fast as possible
